c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Twitter.Data.dll.config
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Twitter.Data.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Twitter.Data.pdb
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Twitter.Models.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Twitter.Models.pdb
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\obj\Debug\Twitter.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\obj\Debug\Twitter.Data.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\obj\Debug\Twitter.Data.pdb
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.Data\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
