c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\obj\Debug\Twitter.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Twitter.App.dll.config
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Twitter.App.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Twitter.App.pdb
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Twitter.Data.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Twitter.Models.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Twitter.Data.pdb
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Twitter.Models.pdb
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\obj\Debug\Twitter.App.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\obj\Debug\Twitter.App.pdb
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Glimpse.Ado.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Glimpse.AspNet.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Glimpse.Core.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Glimpse.EF6.dll
c:\users\re5pect\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twitter\Twitter.App\bin\Glimpse.Mvc5.dll
